Product
Customers
Resources
Pricing
Log in
Contact sales
View demo
Start free trial
Fin AI Agent
Terms & Policies
Terms of Service
Intercom Additional Product Terms
Privacy Policy
Data Processing Addendum
Product Privacy Notice
Intercom Regional Data Hosting Addendum
Support Policy
Deployment Services Terms
Cookie Policy
Subprocessors List
Security, Privacy and Compliance Information for Intercom
EU Data Hosting
Australia Data Hosting
Intercom Affiliate Subprocessors
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Intercom Website Terms of Use
Academy Terms
Service Level Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Code of Conduct
Trademark Usage
Intercom Global Anti-Corruption Statement
Intercom Partner Code of Conduct
Intercom DMCA Policy
Law Enforcement Guidelines
European Digital Services Act Notice
EU Data Act Addendum
Fin Guarantee
Referral Program
Partner Offer
Intercom Podcast Offer
Promotional Offer Terms
Subprocessors List

Effective June 25, 2026

Print this page

(prior version of the Subprocessors List available to view here)

Security, Privacy and Compliance Information for Intercom

Intercom is a data processor and engages certain onward subprocessors that may process personal data submitted to Intercom's services by the controller. These subprocessors are listed below, with a description of the service and the location where data is hosted. By default, hosting occurs in the United States. For Intercom's regional data hosting services that customers may have elected to use, scroll further down the page to see the specific subprocessors list for the designated region. These lists may be updated by Intercom from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Data Processing Addendum.

Amazon Web Services, Inc. - Hosting, storage and processing (including AI processing) of Customer Data (USA).
Snowflake Inc. - Data warehouse services and processing (including AI processing) (USA).
Mailgun Technologies, L.L.C. - Email delivery services for individual emails and bulk email campaigns initiated from Intercom's services (USA).
Message Systems, Inc. (d/b/a Sparkpost) - Email delivery services for individual emails and bulk email campaigns initiated from Intercom's services (USA).
Twilio, Inc. - SMS and Phone functionality (USA).
Cloudflare, Inc. - Transport Layer Security ("TLS") protection for customers using a custom domain to host their Intercom Articles (USA).
OpenAI, L.L.C. - AI processing (USA).
PlanetScale Inc. - Database storage and caching (USA).
Anthropic, PBC - AI processing (USA).
Google L.L.C. - AI processing (USA).
Microsoft Corporation - AI processing (USA)
Eleven Labs, Inc. - AI processing (text to speech) (USA)
Ably Realtime Ltd. – message delivery service to support real-time delivery of messages via messenger products (USA)
Cartesia AI, Inc. - AI processing (text to speech) (USA)
EU Data Hosting

For customers participating in EU data hosting (AWS hosting is in Dublin, Ireland - AWS region eu-west-1), the following subprocessors apply.

Amazon Web Services (AWS) - Hosting, storage and processing (including AI processing) of Customer Data (Ireland).
Snowflake Inc. - Data warehouse services and processing (including AI processing) (Ireland).
Mailgun Technologies, L.L.C. - Email delivery services for individual emails and bulk email campaigns initiated from Intercom's services. For EDH, Intercom relies on separate Mailgun EU email infrastructure (Belgium); however once an email is sent, it is considered data in transit over the (global) Internet and may be processed by email processing servers hosted globally.
Message Systems, Inc. (d/b/a Sparkpost) Email delivery services for individual emails and bulk email campaigns initiated from Intercom's services. For EDH, Intercom relies on separate Sparkpost EU email infrastructure; however once an email is sent, it is considered data in transit over the (global) Internet and may be processed by email processing servers hosted globally.
Twilio, Inc. SMS and Phone functionality (USA) - ONLY applicable if Customers elect to use SMS as part of a feature where a bot can collect phone numbers from leads and/or Phone services where Customer makes and receives phone calls, video calls and screen share from Intercom's Services. If Customers do not elect to use SMS and/or Phone, Twilio, Inc. will not be leveraged to deliver any part of the Services to them.
Cloudflare, Inc. - Transport Layer Security ("TLS") protection for customers using a custom domain to host their Intercom Articles. Compute and storage infrastructure for Intercom MCP server (Ireland).
Microsoft Corporation - AI processing (EU).
PlanetScale Inc. - Database storage and caching (Ireland).
Google - AI processing (EU).
OpenAI, L.L.C. - AI processing (EU)
Eleven Labs, Inc. - AI processing (text to speech) (EU)
Ably Realtime Ltd. – message delivery service to support real-time delivery of messages via messenger products (EU)
Cartesia AI, Inc. - AI processing (text to speech) (EU)
Australia Data Hosting

For customers participating in Australian data hosting (AWS hosting is in Sydney, Australia - AWS region ap-southeast-2), the following subprocessors apply.

Amazon Web Services (AWS) - Hosting, storage and processing (including AI processing) of Customer Data (Australia, except as set forth below).
AI processing via models hosted on AWS Bedrock services occurs in the USA.
Snowflake Inc. - Data warehouse services and processing (including AI processing) (Australia).
Message Systems, Inc. (d/b/a Sparkpost) (USA) - Email delivery services for individual emails and bulk email campaigns initiated from Intercom's services. Once an email is sent, it is considered data in transit over the (global) Internet and may be processed by email processing servers hosted globally.
Twilio, Inc. (USA) - ONLY applicable if Customers elect to use SMS as part of a feature where a bot can collect phone numbers from leads and/or Phone services where Customer makes and receives phone calls, video calls and screen share from Intercom's Services. If Customers do not elect to use SMS and/or Phone, Twilio, Inc. will not be leveraged to deliver any part of the Services to them.
Cloudflare, Inc. - Transport Layer Security ("TLS") protection for customers using a custom domain to host their Intercom Articles (Australia).
OpenAI, L.L.C. (USA) - AI processing.
Anthropic, PBC (USA) - AI processing.
PlanetScale Inc. - Database storage and caching (Australia).
Google (USA) - AI processing.
Eleven Labs, Inc. - AI processing (text to speech) (USA).
Ably Realtime Ltd. – message delivery service to support real-time delivery of messages via messenger products (Australia)
Cartesia AI, Inc. - AI processing (text to speech) (USA)
Intercom Affiliate Subprocessors

The following entities are Intercom Affiliates which may function as sub-processors in providing the services and/or for support.

Intercom, Inc. (USA)
Intercom R&D Unlimited Company (Ireland)
Intercom Software Australia Pty Ltd (Australia)
Intercom Software UK Limited (UK)
HELPDESK FEATURES
Intercom 2
Inbox
Live Chat
Copilot
Tickets
Omnichannel
Help Center
Apps & Integrations
Reporting
Knowledge Hub
Outbound
FIN FEATURES
Fin overview
Capabilities
AI Engine
PRICING
Intercom pricing
Fin pricing
LEARN
Events
Intercom blog
Academy
YouTube
AI Agent Blueprint
Learning Center
2026 Transformation Report
EVALUATE
Why choose Intercom
Safety & security
ROI calculator
Customer case studies
SUPPORT
Changes
Help Center
Developer hub
Intercom community
Status
COMPANY
About
Careers
Contact Press
PROGRAMS
Solution partner
Technology partner
Early stage
INTERCOM IN ACTION
View demo
Free trial
Contact sales
Sign in
Terms
Privacy
Security
Your Privacy Choices
This site employs cookies and other technologies that we and our third party vendors use to monitor and record personal information about you and your interactions with the site (including content viewed, cursor movements, screen recordings, and chat contents) for the purposes described in our Cookie Policy. By continuing to visit our site, you agree to our Website Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.